在构建项目时，空Class文件不会造成影响，不影响构建
1. Maven clean:
   Download and set up project
   Clean up the project

2. Maven compile: compile source code to .class files
   -run Maven using the -X switch to enable full debug logging. 开启详细堆栈日志, 提供项目构建的详细信息
      Apache Maven 3.6.3 (cecedd343...)
      Maven home: C:\Maven\maven-3.6.3-takari-smart-builder-pandora
      Java version: 11.0.2-BellSoft, vendor: BellSoft, runtime: C:\jdk-11.0.2
      Default locale: en_US, platform encoding: Cp1252
      OS name: "windows 10", version: "10.0", arch: "amd64", family: "windows"

3. Maven package:
   Download all plugins
   Run compile, run unit test and package that up
   > java -jar MainBasic-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT.jar 构建项目的jar文件，需要所有的测试通过

4. Maven install:
   Download all dependencies
   Run the package command, then install in local repository
   Home directory C:\Users\tchen\.m2\repository\com

5. Maven deploy:
   Run install command
   Deploys it to a corporate or remote repository

6. Maven Test:
   > maven clean test

Phases 阶段
  1. validate: validate project and structure
  2. compile: compile any source in the project
  3. test: test the complied code
  4. package: package the code in the specified package type
  5. integration-test: deploy and run integration test
  6. verify: run checks to verify integrity
            verify在install和deploy之前运行
  7. install: install package in local repo
  8. deploy: copy package to remote repo

TODO. 每个Goal代表插件某个能力 Each Goal represents a capability of that plugin
Goal 双击执行Goal / Execute Maven Goal多个执行
  1. validate: validate the project is correct and info is available
  2. compile: compile the source code
  3. test: test the compiled source code using unit testing framework
  4. package: package code in distributable format (jar, war)
  5. verify: run any checks on the results of integration tests
  6. install: install the package to local repository for use in other projects locally 需要编译好Compile Goal
  7. deploy: copy package to remote repository for sharing